an event like this it's a little bit
more intimate than you get to spend time
with the customer and they get to try
out the car and really experience the
car and focus on the driving that there
so it's a little bit more of a quality
test drive
I experienced a car but they also get to
communicate
it's a beautiful car credible the event
was great I think the new 911 is still a
different it's a much faster and
beautiful that you knew you back I put
all my question in the collection we
like the collection a lot
there's two opportunities here that not
a lot of people have the chance to do
number one race on the circuit that the
grand coven and you know real respected
motorsports series run on so running on
the track itself it is definitely
highlighted every two because the first
batch of the speedy key transmissions in
sport mode that's coming in North
America the group that's come here today
is amongst the first in North America
that's actually had a chance to drive
so very nice car very fast and easily
the affix it accelerates great rage in
spots we need a cartoon it's a beautiful
car like the new transmission
they always make them a little bit
better launch control is incredible
it's a party completely different
perspective that's a great car it's a
fun ride
it's got great acceleration so machinery
and very long
all his consulship this make sure it's
like a green like you're in heaven
awesome
go help and you're just gonna follow
that Jeep car like
it's good to see that you follow this
case it's a professional racecar drivers
the actual race lines and stuff like
that so he was very fun it's very good
and then you get to see what a car
the event is exceeding our expectations
that the customers are really getting
to drive the car and experience the new
PDK transmission
the balance in the handling of
well it's great that if election brings
people together we can leave some other
horse owners and share some time with
you but everybody our favorite place on
earth we all enjoy going there it's
amazing
the collection is superior to any other
dealer at residence it's part of the
experience I think it's very they're the
best they are absolutely the best I
can't tell you enough about them over
the way they take care of their
customers it's really a treat you don't
buy a car you buy sort of a family it's
wonderful very happy with
you